README.md, before:

# Author: Harris Nathaniel Hendra
supervisor : Paul Yoo

MSc Computer Science
Department of Computer Science and Information Systems
Birkbeck college, University of London 2023

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Academic Declaration :

“I have read and understood the sections of plagiarism in the College Policy on
assessment offences and confirm that the work is my own, with the work of others
clearly acknowledged. I give my permission to submit my report to the plagiarism
testing database that the College is using and test it using plagiarism detection
software, search engines or meta-searching software.”

signed : Harris Nathaniel Hendra

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Description of the MSc Project: Personality Test as Choice Making IF

## Intro
Inspired by famously Choice IF book [Choose Your Own Adventure]. 

This project is about creating a choice IF (interactive Fiction) game to assess users' personality by giving them all the same adventure and record the choices they make to accurately give personality result that match their own.

the adventure story here is entirely hand-crafted from the [ Test Your Personality ] by Adrian Wallwork.

I took two tests that governs the general traits, namely Introvert vs Extrovert and Optimist vs Pessimist totalled 20 questionnaires tailored as one full adventure.

## Gameplay
The user would need to have understand the forewarning at the beginning of the program, that they are to answer truthfully for accurate assessment

then will be prompted to give their name, in which if duplicate name detected, it will ask again for new name, otherwise begins the game.

For each point of story, they will be given choices to choose, there is no true or false merely plot story affection. Each choice simply give small change akin to butterfly effect to the entire adventure.

For every choice they made, will be recorded by program to count toward the scale how closer they are to certain personality. The end result will be given at the end of adventure.

Commit message:

added small fix, to return null to traits if the player hasnt taken the test

README.md, after:

# Author: Harris Nathaniel Hendra
supervisor : Paul Yoo

MSc Computer Science
Department of Computer Science and Information Systems
Birkbeck college, University of London 2023

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Academic Declaration :

“I have read and understood the sections of plagiarism in the College Policy on
assessment offences and confirm that the work is my own, with the work of others
clearly acknowledged. I give my permission to submit my report to the plagiarism
testing database that the College is using and test it using plagiarism detection
software, search engines or meta-searching software.”

signed : Harris Nathaniel Hendra

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Description of the MSc Project: Personality Test as Choice Making IF

## Intro
Inspired by famously Choice IF book [Choose Your Own Adventure]. 

This project is about creating a choice IF (interactive Fiction) game to assess users' personality by giving them all the same adventure and record the choices they make to accurately give personality result that match their own.

the adventure story here is entirely hand-crafted from the [ Test Your Personality ] by Adrian Wallwork.

I took two tests that governs the general traits, namely Introvert vs Extrovert and Optimist vs Pessimist totalled 20 questionnaires tailored as one full adventure.
(In future, may add more variety to adventure stories using other general traits that are not included here).

## Gameplay
The user would need to have understand the forewarning at the beginning of the program, that they are to answer truthfully for accurate assessment.

Then begins the game. For each point of story, they will be given choices to choose, there is no true or false merely plot story affection. Each choice simply give small change akin to butterfly effect to the entire adventure.

For every choice they made, will be recorded by program to count toward the scale how closer they are to certain personality. The end result will be given at the end of adventure.

At the end of the game, the user will be prompted to give their name, in which if any invalid name detected, it will ask again for new name.
Afterwards, the user's information will be stored to the score list as proof.
